[IMP] accounting/taxcloud: specify default account for new taxes (#1271)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/taxation/taxes/taxcloud.rst

  and the zip code). Go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Users & Companies --> Companies`
  to open and edit your Company record.

Automatically post taxes to the correct Tax Payable account
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * For each of your companies which uses TaxCloud, you need to create a User-Defined Default 
>   so that the new taxes generated by the TaxCloud integration are created with the correct Tax Payable account:
> * In your company's Chart of Accounts, take note of the ID of the Tax Payable account you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For each of your companies that uses TaxCloud, you need to create a **User-Defined Default** 
  so that the new taxes generated by the TaxCloud integration are created with the correct Tax Payable account:
* In your company's Chart of Accounts, take note of the ID of the Tax Payable account you want to use.
```

> .. image:: media/taxcloud_user_defined_default_01.png

Reviewer: Is this image necessary? 
If so, please check our guidelines: https://www.odoo.com/documentation/14.0/contributing/documentation/content_guidelines.html#images
Imo, you could remove this image and replace it with some text.

Also, your images should be in another file as mentioned in our guidelines: https://www.odoo.com/documentation/14.0/contributing/documentation/content_guidelines.html#media-files

Author: I have tried to clarify this in the text as you suggested, but even then I doubt it would be clear enough for the reader if they are not used to finding the ID of a record through the URL string. To be safe, I think it's worth keeping the image (though I have resized it so as to focus on the URL bar).

  :align: center

> * With Debug Mode activated, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Actions --> User-Defined Defaults`, and click *Create*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Activate the :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`, then go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Actions --> User-Defined Defaults`, and click on *Create*.
```

* Click on *Field*, then, in the drop-down menu, on *Search More*. 

.. image:: media/taxcloud_user_defined_default_02.png
  :align: center

> * In the pop-up's search box, filter on 'Model: tax.repartition.line' and 'Field: account'. 
>   Select the 'account' field of the 'tax.repartition.line' model. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the pop-up's search box, filter on the model ``tax.repartition.line`` and the field ``account``. 
  Select the ``account`` field of the ``tax.repartition.line`` model. 
```

.. image:: media/taxcloud_user_defined_default_03.png
  :align: center

> * In the *Default Value* field, enter the ID of your company's Tax Payable account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the **Default Value** field, enter the ID of your company's Tax Payable account. 
```

  and the zip code). Go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Users & Companies --> Companies`
  to open and edit your Company record.

Automatically post taxes to the correct Tax Payable account
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * For each one of your companies that uses TaxCloud, it is necessary to create a 
>   **User-Defined Default** so that the new taxes generated by the TaxCloud integration are created 
>   with the correct Tax Payable account:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For each one of your companies that uses TaxCloud, it might be necessary to create a 
  **User-Defined Default** so that the new taxes generated by the TaxCloud integration are created 
  with the correct Tax Payable account:
  
.. warning::

    User defined defaults impacts all records at creation.  It means that **All* new taxes will target the specified Tax 
    Payable account, unless the default value is modified manually (or another default takes precedence over the one 
    you  defined).
```

Necessary might be too strict IMHO, I suppose some database still work fine without it :D.

Also, please add a clear explanation on "User defined defaults" to make sure the user knows this change impacts not only the taxcloud taxes (my explanation can be changed, but I believe the information should be provided).

Author: Hi @Feyensv I agree and thanks for your edits! I've slightly rephrased them while keeping your meaning, do feel free to let me know if there's anything you'd like me to change!

Reviewer 2: LGTM, only remaining step is to update your commit message to have a clear title & message according to our [guidelines](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/14.0/developer/misc/other/guidelines.html#commit-message-structure) .
We do not strictly respect all points, but the commits should still follow the global logic:
* title:
  * prefix: `[ADD]` if new page and content, `[IMP]` if improvement of existing content, `[REM]` in case of content removal
  * targeted scope: the scope/files modified by the commit (keep it simple, but we need to know what's targeted at first glance)
  * short explanation of the change or content improvement
* Detailed explanation in commit message, if useful.  Sometimes the commit title is enough to understand the commit content.

Something like:
```
[IMP] accounting/taxcloud: how to specify default account for new taxes

Detailed explanation
```

You can reuse the explanation you specified in the PR description as commit message ;).

Author: Thank you so much Victor for explaining this to me! I have changed the commit message to conform to the guidelines. :)
